Use table statistics to improve ram estimation for updates (#17664)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.10.4.rst

Fixes
=====

> - Fixed ram-accounting for upsert statements to prevent nodes from running
>   out of memory on large bulk updates.

Reviewer: I think it would be nice to be a bit more detailed here. E.g.:
```suggestion
- Fixed ram-accounting accuracy for upsert statements by using the table stats
  to estimate the average row size. If stats are not (yet) available, a rough estimate
  based on the table columns data types is used. By this, nodes should be prevented
  from running out of memory on large bulk updates.
```

Author: 👍
